SPCTR-3045: Fix - Image border css issue fix for tablet and mobile devices (#3303)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Forms - Resolved an issue in which the overall alignment would not work as intended when three forms are placed with different alignments.
* Fix: Popup Builder - Resolved an edge case issue with Astra global page layout.
* Fix: Testimonial - Resolved an inssue in which the arrows would overlap the content on mobile devices.

> * Fix: Image - Resolved an issue in which tablet and mobile border css is not applied as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Image - Resolved an issue in which the tablet and mobile border css would not be applied as intended.
```

Author: Done.
